Good evening Ma
I am writing to voice some of my concerns and some of the challenges that I have been experiencing in the unit recently, some of these issues involves service users abuse and risk management/safety. I have a reason to believe that a certain staff is employing inhumane methods in managing Lisa Best when she is agitated, I got to know about this because I had inadvertently badged in on staff with a wooden spatula and Lisa, though I did not see this happening in real-time, but I was surprise to see Lisa calm, but with a facial expression of being frightened and this is after previously seeing her earlier that day in the group floor displaying intense agitation. The wooden spatula was placed just right beside the staff with Lisa holding her hands up almost seeming as if she did not wanted to get hit again. Lateness is also another issue that I have experienced, especially during the weekend. I understand that we are all humans and we sometimes under prepare for work and come late, but a lateness of and hours and forty minutes is too risky for the service users and staff especially when they are being deprived of an extra hand for that long, and this has been observed to be happening on a bi-weekly basis during the weekend. Risk management and safety is another concern, in has much as I believe that the unit are the service users home and as such they should be free and able to exercise their liberty, But Saira Yusuf being made to prepare tea for the other service user and wash the kitchen utensils without proper supervision, staff was also found prompting Saira to mop her bedroom but I had to step in. Speaking native language instead of English has been a big problem, a problem that has been more prominent in the unit as of late. Sitting in the midst colleagues that are that speaking their native dialect can be very agitating and uncomfortable, leaving you wondering if you are being talked about, and especially when you and the particular colleagues had a feud recently. And lastly, staff misconduct in relation to hygiene is another concern, and this is due to observing staff eating directly out of the kitchen pot that is use to prepare for the service users.

Thank you.
